Please
[music]
thank you for knowing that they are not the same.
C1 is seeing each other's faces with different expressions
or not knowing, it's not straightforward.
3 is not speaking gently.
4 is saying what is right and calling it wrong. 5 is
hearing words of decline and feeling happy.
6 is hearing words of prosperity and not feeling happy.
37 is rejecting and criticizing the good deeds of
others.
[music]
praising is approving of the evil deeds of others. [
music]
In the scriptures, the Buddha taught that accidentally killing
someone is a sin that can be forgiven. Using a
malicious mind to plot against someone,
that mind is very bad to approach. Yes,
yes.